---
layout: default
---

Are you often frustrated when you use FOSS code and can’t find the
license or copyright holders so that you can do disclosure and
attribution? Do you wish there was an easy API you could call and get
the data you need to be compliant? Are you worried when you start to
use FOSS components that have ambiguous metadata?

If so, you'll love ClearlyDefined, a community of people gathering and
curating data about open source components. We’d love to work with you
to hook our systems up to your workflow.

We are building a clearing house of FOSS metadata and we’d like you to
consider consuming that data. If you are using FOSS code now, it may
be the case that you are already doing some of your own scanning and
discovering of license metadata for yourself. ClearlyDefined can
provide some of the data you need so you don’t have to do all this
work on your own anymore. Even better, the data is curated by a broad
community. As a consumer you get API access to harvested and curated
data about a range of components.

We're on a mission to help FOSS projects thrive by being, well, more
clearly defined. Lack of clarity around licenses and security
vulnerabilities reduces engagement -- that means fewer users, fewer
contributors and a smaller community. This is a community-wide
challenge and we're taking a community-wide approach.

* Raise awareness within FOSS project teams

* Make it easy to identify and supply missing information

* Automatically harvest data from projects

* Crowd-source the curation that data

* Feed the curation work back to the original projects

ClearlyDefined is a diverse and inclusive community technical experts
who are passionate about quality open source. If you or a colleague or
your organization is interested in learning more, check out
[https://github.com/clearlydefined](https://github.com/clearlydefined)
for information.
